annot: Coat the chicken with salt, pepper and hot spice
ACTID: 0
PRED: coat
[DOBJ, food] the chicken (-1)
[PP, food, with] salt (-1), pepper (-1), and hot spice (-1)
annot: Fry the chicken without oil on a pan
ACTID: 1
PRED: fry
[DOBJ, food] the chicken (0)
[PP, location, on] a pan (-1)
annot: cut squash without the end
ACTID: 2
PRED: cut
[DOBJ, food] squash (-1)
annot: Keep a pot of boiling water
ACTID: 3
PRED: keep
[DOBJ, food] a pot of boiling water (-1)
annot: Add a chicken stock cube in
ACTID: 4
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] a chicken stock cube (-1)
[PP, food, in] (3)
annot: Grate the squash in a blender
ACTID: 5
PRED: grate
[DOBJ, food] the squash (2)
[PP, location, in] a blender (-1)
annot: add to the water
ACTID: 6
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] (5)
[PP, food, to] the water (4)
annot: Blend red chili, ginger, coriander and spring onion in the blender
ACTID: 7
PRED: blend
[DOBJ, food] red chili (-1), ginger (-1), coriander (-1), spring onion (-1)
[PP, location, in] the blender (-1)
annot: Add soy sauce, peanut butter, sesame oil, garlic, fish sauce and turmeric to the blender
ACTID: 8
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] soy sauce (-1), peanut butter (-1), sesame oil (-1), garlic (-1), fish sauce (-1), turmeric (-1)
[PP, food, to] the blender (7)
annot: Blend everything
ACTID: 9
PRED: blend
[DOBJ, food] everything (8)
annot: add to the water
ACTID: 10
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] (9)
[PP, food, to] the water (6)
annot: Add rice noodles to the pot
ACTID: 11
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] rice noodles (-1)
[PP, food, to] the pot (10)
annot: cut two bunches of asparagus
ACTID: 12
PRED: cut
[DOBJ, food] two bunches of asparagus (-1)
annot: add to the pot
ACTID: 13
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] (12)
[PP, food, to] the pot (11)
annot: season the chicken with honey, sesame seeds and lime juice
ACTID: 14
PRED: season
[DOBJ, food] the chicken (1)
[PP, food, with] honey (-1), sesame seeds (-1), and lime juice (-1)
annot: Serve the chicken with the soup
ACTID: 15
PRED: serve
[DOBJ, food] the chicken (14)
[PP, food, with] the soup (13)